Choerry: Well, this is..
Choerry: The first day of our music video shooting!
JinSoul: We're waiting in the car!
(Kim Lip started to shooting first in LA downtown!)
#NowPlaying 'LOOΠΔ/ODD EYE CIRCLE - Girl Front'
JinSoul: Now shall we follow Lip?
Choerry: Do you want to go?
JinSoul: Let's go!
(The girls look excited to walk in a street of LA!)
JinSoul: You know,
JinSoul: This kind of place reminds me of like... a gangster.
JInSoul: You have to hold your head up.
Choerry: Booboobooboom~
(SHOW ME THE LOOΠΔ AGAIN!)
(It's her rap part of 'Girl Front')
(What is this...)
Choerry: Don't make fun of me.
Choerry: Because I'm young~
(She feels embarrassed even more because of the camera!)
Choerry: I'm sorry...!